I'm waiting for a video to export but
hello happy day don't know a date is for
you but happy day while I wait for this
video to export I am so hungry it's like
2 p.m.
I woke up late but I've been working all
morning haven't had lunch yet I need
some snackage and then I need to go get
lunch
yo I honestly don't think you're ready
for this I'm going to try to get five
elements in a row here we go I'll play
around I do not play around one
no captain sir
Larry Oh God Wow Wow
I could literally break this cool speed
limit right now on my Vista board
that's the meeting I quess people are
working I'm in the Adorama office
quiet people are working Shh
so there's a special date what is the
date the first TTL Cuba documentary
series May 12 May 12th that's when
you're going to start getting to see
Cuba through all of our different
perspectives me and all the
photographers and basically so and so
that my 4 terabyte hard drive that has a
ton of log footage on just isn't working
so I'm going to try to connect it to a
different computer I'm nervous so some
of the truth
hang it see it just pops up great out in
Disk Utility but then it doesn't go up
[Music]
alright so that was final to get out out
and about for a little bit I loved
people it was something I had a
conversation that spanned like three
blocks of me just talking to these two
adorable guys and the salmon are
freaking out I'm telling you if you ride
electric skateboard around New York it
still it still makes people crazy if
you're wondering I'm out of breath
because I have to walk up a lot of
stairs to get to my apartment
someone needs to work it out well you
guys this is so fun I was legitimately
like riding my board
they were driving we're going like the
same speed and murders like going back
and forth clock it was a fun
conversation probably not the safest but
it was fun I'm hungry
food maybe an episode of the office
there is a new flavored water in town
for a while there all of my social media
all of my banners everything was Lacroix
I had like my own like Lacroix can it
said likes a patient's death not because
you know I'm obsessive Lacroix and
pretty much all I drink is Lacroix and
coffee after picking them out for
several months I mean I didn't expect
anything but I did tempt them print them
out puddly I don't want to tell I'm
grateful for something I didn't ask for
but we like talked back and forth on
Twitter and they never I've never even
gotten one box of Lacroix from from look
right it probably seemed like I was paid
by them to do everything that I do but I
wasn't like I've never been paid by
Lacroix never a cent and like for some
reason they unfollowed me on Twitter - I
just felt her I felt sober and then I
company comes along that's like I guess
a competitor to Lacroix because they're
they're sparkling water but then they're
also just like normal water like flat
and you know it's your sugar is your a
sweetener it's I
never heard of them before but they're
called pants they sent me
I've already drank in like six of them
but look at all of this waters you sent
me this isn't a hash should I add four
hint or anything but I just thought was
really nice for you guys to send me some
water so I'm going to give you a shot
and it's actually delicious but cry
you're sleeping you were sleeping and
someone slid into the IBM's and sent me
by watcher that was weird
[Music]
I'm tired as an editing and the son of
the house down I have a roll when the
Sun Goes Down you can't I can't get
coffee so since the Sun is still up a
little bit I'm gonna go get coffee I
have been craving Blue Bottle iced
coffee
ever since going to Cuba I'm gonna go
get some little bottle ice
[Music]
without and about running some errands
how to get disks from Lowe's into a
little wolf screwdriver said because we
are about to solve this problem that we
encounter earlier this hard drive is
just messing up so what I'm going to do
is I have this this so this is a dock
that you can dock like just hard drives
in without the casings so I'm hoping
that just something is going on with
this we're going to solve this problem I
hope so there's so much important
footage only half of it is backed up
okay look here's a hard drive chasing
but see it's a warranty voided it's
broken
[Music]
okay I'll show you how that works then
basically just adjacent to the hard
drive lips and like this is family pin
this is just the hard drive you get one
of these dots
you can just slide it on plug it into
power I'm plugging in the hard drive
this is the moment of truth well wait
false alarm it wasn't turned on moment
of truth part two
[Music]
[Applause]
whose work I shot like really sick to my
stomach
same exact thing and disk utility Frick
something like really not good I
probably have like 2 to 2 terabytes out
of the 4 terabytes on hard drive that
are not backed up with a lot of footage
that I don't want to lose good
he's in the vlog on the snow but I guess
a lesson is going back up all of your
hard drives like all the time like right
now right now at this point I have tried
every single troubleshooting things like
changing cables changing a pure USB
ports oh I'll keep it I might have to
send it in to someone we shall see I
emailed Lacey who knows backup your hard
drive I'll open up your lady's video hit
that subscribe button down below for
videos Monday through Friday every every
weekday 8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time I
will see you guys the next one
jpg I'm not a peachy right now but try
okay
[Music]
you